we're going to begin in West Jerusalem
where scuffles have broken out between
police and protesters who've gathered
outside the residence of the Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
they're demanding that Netanyahu does
more to secure the release of the
remaining hostages in Gaza the
demonstrators gathered following the
release of a video by Hamas of a captain
H Gober Poland who was taken during the
music festival in Israel on October the
7th we're going to get more with our
correspondent in occupied East Jerusalem
Barnard Smith uh what's in this video
that's prompted the protest
Bernard but it's a 3 minute video of
hirs Goldberg poll in the first sign of
life since he was taken captive back on
October the 7th from that music festival
and in the video we see him missing his
left hand because there was a video
circulating not long after October 7th
of him being taken hostage he was
Sheltering and a grenade was thrown into
the shelter where was with other people
and that's what blew off his hand and he
was shown quite badly injured at that
time he's clearly survived those
injuries but says of course that he
needs medical treatment says he's been
held
underground and has had no contact with
the outside world of course and is
calling on Benjamin Netanyahu to do more
to free the hostages of course these
hostages these captives are not able to
speak freely from where they are what
they are allowed to say or not say is
carefully controlled uh by Hamas the
people who are keeping them captive but
uh his mom Rachel Goldberg Poland has
been very active since October the 7th
with the campaign to get captiv released
and supporters and Friends of Poland
Goldberg Poland have turned up outside
the prime minister's official residence
in West Jerusalem this evening adding to
the calls for Netanyahu to do more it's
one of the reasons by the way that
Netanyahu says he's going to go ahead
with his oper ation in Rafa because he
hasn't got all hostages uh freed and he
hasn't yet destroyed hass's capabilities
the objectives that Netanyahu says are
still there to be achieved Baron thank
you very much indeed Baron Smith talking
to us from occupied East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz